Do the math with you
Hahahaha robbed
I'm also here to settle accounts with you today.
Golden Snow
Today is your last chance
Mom and Dad, you let him hurt my daughter
I can't wait to give his dad a cramp
Our Liu family is mixed with such beasts
Will only kill itself
I think it's you who committed suicide
Lu Qingxue
Since you insist on being buried with this trash
Then we'll have to cut ties with you.
What did Liu Qingxue do after Li Shao?
It has nothing to do with us.
he
Wherever you want.
Mom and Dad, please choose
Don't worry.
this
Parents who have no regard for their own daughter
And home
Not worth it at all
Maybe not.
From now on, Yaoyao and I will be your forever family
As for you, Lin Shaoyao
Who gave you the courage to continue appearing in front of me?
Isn't the lesson I taught you before enough?
Xiao Chen, today is your day of death
You wait for me.
What happened to my Lin family
Will make you pay back a hundredfold
Here we go.
Xiaoxue, let's go too
And so forth.
Xiao Chen, what are you doing with us?
You two losers
You should just obediently wait outside to die
Lin Shao
I think so.
This guy knew he was going to die.
So?
Just follow us and rub a golden invitation
Your cigarettes are different
Have a good beheading meal
Is that enough?
It's not certain who will eat this severed head meal
This invitation letter
I really don't need to rub
Start talking nonsense again
It's just a person at the bottom like you
Don't follow Lin Shao to sneak in
Can't even cross the threshold
Even if you let the dog eat this meal
Don't let it rub
Security roll
Here's one trash guy who didn't invite him.
Hurry up and get him out
Said no one invited him
If you dare to come to the king's banquet, I will drive your car
He is courting death
Give me his legs
Interrupt and throw
King's banquet brings down the highest standard banquet
Warfighters without invitations are severely punished
And so forth.
You're so sure I don't have an invitation?